Top Keyword: lovesac citysac
Citysac Insert
$400.00
Select Quantity:
Add To Cart
Starting at $34/mo or 0% APR with Affirm. Check your purchasing power Shipping in 1-2 Weeks Quickship Save Share Find a showroom Total Comfort Guaranteed: Risk-Free 60-Day Home Trial See All Reviews (42 reviews) Description Citysac Insert More Information Fabric Type No Fabric Features Seats 1 Adult 35 lbs, approximately 3' wide and 3'3" high Filled with Premium Shredded Durafoam Sac Inserts are Guaranteed for Life Includes Citysac Sac Insert, Citysac Duffel Unique Accessories to Customize Your Sacs Radiant Footsac Blanket: Charcoal Wombat Phur $350.00 Room for Two Footsac Blanket: Charcoal Wombat Phur $350.00 Room for Two Footsac Blanket: Dove Channeled Phur $350.00 Room for Two Footsac Blanket: Alpine Swirl Phur $300.00 Radiant Footsac Blanket: Alpine Swirl Phur $300.00 Room for Two Footsac Blanket: Wombat Phur $350.00 Radiant Footsac Blanket: Wombat Phur $350.00 Experience Cloud-Like Comfort for Yourself Schedule an appointment at a Lovesac Showroom near you. FIND A SHOWROOM Customer Reviews 4.1 (42 Reviews) Write a review Filter by: Filter Options Sac Size Rating Fill Room Size Clear All View Results Cover Looks Quality Couch Fabric Color Fit ... 42 Reviews Sort By Submission Time (Newest First) Submission Time (Oldest First) Rating (High to Low) Rating (Low to High) Photo reviews N Newby Verified Buyer 12/5/23 Features: Comfort Sac Size: CitySac Fill: Standard Foam Room Size: Small Space Comfortable This was my first LoveSac purchase. The CitySac is the perfect for one person. Share Was this review helpful? (6) (0) S Suzanne D. 5/3/23 Features: Durability Sac Size: CitySac Fabulous We absolutely love our LoveSacs and have a couple of them. Durable, soft and FUN !!! Share Was this review helpful? (0) (0) J Jessica H. 1/27/23 Features: Comfort The best! I have tried bean bags from other places, but my lovesac is simply the best. The foam does not stay flattened like others do, it is immensely comfortable and a very worthwhile purchase! Everyone in the house fights over who gets to sit and read on it. Share Was this review helpful? (1) (0) A Andrew C. 3/8/22 Love it Going to have to get another one, as everyone fights over who gets to sit in this one! Share Was this review helpful? (2) (1) M Maria L. 2/24/22 Most Comfortable Spot in the House Love our CitySac and the Snow Owl Phur cover that I got to go with it takes it to a whole other level of comfort! We also ordered a second cover that is more canvas-y, for when the Snow Owl Phur cover is being washed. Share Was this review helpful? (2) (0) A Amy W. 1/6/22 We love our love saks.. We love our love saks.. They are durable and incredibly comfortable. Share Was this review helpful? (0) (0) D David C. 11/18/21 Comfortable and Durable Very comfortable and no issues after several months! Share Was this review helpful? (2) (2) L Laura D. 7/19/21 Super soft and easy to clean. Love that I can wash it. I love it as well as my nephew. It’s super comfortable and it’s easily often a debate who gets to sit in it when we play video games or watch a movie. Share Was this review helpful? (0) (0) S Sabrina R. 5/18/21 Soft Escape I have Lot's of LoveSac through out My little Cabin, but this smaller piece is My Soft escape !! I have it in a small corner of My walk in closet !! :grin: AHHHHH !!!!! Share Was this review helpful? (2) (1) A Amy K. 2/18/21 Citysac is perfect and durable I love Lovesac! I have a sactional, two squattomans and a Citysac and they are great! Very high quality materials that will last for years. I bought my sanctional in 2016 and have used many configurations. They are great for moving - you don’t need movers as you can take them apart and move them yourself! They still look and feel great 4.5 years later. They are worth the money but I looked for the sactional on sale and they have great deals before Christmas. Share Was this review helpful? (2) (0)