Top Keyword: lovesac ottoman
Sactionals Storage Seat Insert Set: Lovesoft

$775.00

Select Quantity: - +

Add To Cart

775 Starting at $65 /mo or 0% APR with Affirm. Check your purchasing power Shipping in 1-2 Weeks Quickship Save Share Find a showroom Total Comfort Guaranteed: Risk-Free 60-Day Home Trial See All Reviews (65 reviews) Description Sactionals Storage Seat Insert Set: Lovesoft More Information Fabric Type No Fabric Features Lovesoft™: A one-of-a-kind material that's an excellent alternative to down and feather. Lovesoft is so resilient that it keeps its lofty look without fluffing. 35" Wide x 29" Deep x 18" Tall Includes Sactionals Storage Seat Frame Insert, Seat Cushion Insert, Back Pillow Insert Experience Cloud-Like Comfort for Yourself Schedule an appointment at a Lovesac Showroom near you. FIND A SHOWROOM Customer Reviews 4.3 (65 Reviews) Write a review Filter by: Filter Options Rating Fabric Fill Room Size Features Clear All View Results Cover Looks Quality Couch Fabric Color Fit ... 65 Reviews Sort By Submission Time (Newest First) Submission Time (Oldest First) Rating (High to Low) Rating (Low to High) Photo reviews Verified Buyer 6/6/24 Features: Washability Fill: Lovesoft Room Size: Large Space Features: Comfort Great Design Great product and love the comfort. Easy to cover the framing with removable/washable covers. Share Was this review helpful? (0) (0) Verified Buyer 3/11/24 Features: Comfort Fabric: Charcoal Solid Polylinen Fill: Lovesoft Room Size: Large Space Features: Style Best Sofa on the Market Best Sofa on the Market bar none, purchased our LoveSac after seeing a family member order one, I can't state enough how great the build quality is, was harder than we thought to put together but once that was complete it was worth every penny! Response from Customer Experience: 03/27/24 Thank you for the great review and being part of the #Lovesac family! We take pride in the quality of our products and are so happy you are enjoying your Sactional! Share Was this review helpful? (10) (0) Charity Verified Buyer 3/10/24 I Love my storage seat!! I love it. I put my extra blankets in here. Comfortable Share Was this review helpful? (6) (0) W|NT€R Verified Buyer 2/23/24 Features: Kid-Friendly Fabric: Taupe Combed Chenille Fill: Lovesoft Room Size: Small Space Features: Kid-friendly, Pet-friendly, Comfort, Durability, Washability Handy storage A very helpful item for storing unused blankets/pillows or board games Share Was this review helpful? (3) (1) M Morris Verified Buyer 2/23/24 Features: Comfort Fabric: Vintage Blue Rained Chenille Fill: Lovesoft Room Size: Large Space Features: Kid-friendly, Pet-friendly, Durability, Washability Love it! Love our lovesac! My biggest complaint is that it is SO comfortable that neither my husband or I can stay awake when we sit on it. It is an excellent nap couch, especially on the deep sides. Love that I can switch around the cushions so one does not get overly worn in and that I can wash the inevitable kid spills. Share Was this review helpful? (1) (0) Mike Verified Buyer 2/2/24 Features: Style Fabric: Flagstone Brushed Weave Fill: Lovesoft Room Size: Small Space Great storage The storage is definitely worth it. We love the couch. It is so comfortable. Share Was this review helpful? (3) (2) Clevonic Verified Buyer 1/19/24 Features: Comfort Fabric: Tonal Chantilly Luxe Chenille Fill: Lovesoft Room Size: Small Space Love at first sit I am in love with my LoveSac, the wife and I relax on our LoveSac much longer than our old sofa and we even wake up and go to bed almost every night because it's so comfortable. Share Was this review helpful? (7) (4) James J. 5/3/23 Features: Adaptability Fill: Lovesoft Oh Hey Look, I bought more Bought a 6' lovesac back in 2003ish. Haven't looked back. When the couches came out they had me hooked. Never need to "pivot" a normal couch again. That and I can wash the covers when my brother spills on them. Lots of wins. Share Was this review helpful? (4) (0) Abigail M. 5/3/23 Features: Comfort Fill: Lovesoft Love my choice it's comfortable Love my choice it's comfortable exactly what I wanted in size and color Share Was this review helpful? (4) (0) jaime s. 5/3/23 Features: Adaptability Fill: Lovesoft We love this couch. Think We love this couch. Think my kids the storage seats the best. They love to sit and watch TV and have their snack in it! Share Was this review helpful? (6) (1)