Top Keyword: tan combed chenille lovesac
Seat Cover Set: Tan Combed Chenille

$270.00

Select Quantity: - +

Add To Cart

270 Starting at $23 /mo or 0% APR with Affirm. Check your purchasing power Shipping in 1-2 Weeks Quickship Save Share Find a showroom Total Comfort Guaranteed: Risk-Free 60-Day Home Trial See All Reviews (12 reviews) Description Seat Cover Set: Tan Combed Chenille More Information Fabric Type Tan Combed Chenille Features 35" Wide x 29" Deep x 18" Tall Three-year warranty on Sactionals Covers Includes Sactionals Seat Frame Cover, Seat Cushion Cover, Back Pillow Cover Experience Cloud-Like Comfort for Yourself Schedule an appointment at a Lovesac Showroom near you. FIND A SHOWROOM Customer Reviews 3.9 (12 Reviews) Write a review Filter by: Filter Options Rating Fabric Fill Room Size Features Clear All View Results Cover Looks Quality Couch Fabric Color Fit ... 12 Reviews Sort By Submission Time (Newest First) Submission Time (Oldest First) Rating (High to Low) Rating (Low to High) Photo reviews T TeacherD Verified Buyer 3/10/24 Features: Washability Fabric: Tan Combed Chenille Fill: Standard Foam Room Size: Large Space Features: Kid-friendly, Pet-friendly, Adaptability, Comfort, Washability Great product. Love sacs have quality materials. Easy to care for and very comfortable. Share Was this review helpful? (9) (2) S Shar C. Verified Buyer 1/22/24 Features: Comfort Fabric: Taupe Combed Chenille Fill: Standard Foam Room Size: Large Space The Sactional saved my house!!! When a mobile charging cord sparked a small fire, it only burned the cover. The cushion was perfectly awesome and in the same condition. The only negative is I had to buy the whole cover set not just the cushion cover. I would buy a sactional over and over again. It not only saved my house but is the couch that has stood the test of time and my children! Share Was this review helpful? (64) (56) C Connie J. 3/17/22 Quality is excellent Family loves Quality is excellent Family loves it Fabric is fantastic Share Was this review helpful? (3) (0) S Susan T. 3/7/22 Great quality heavy fabric fit Great quality heavy fabric fit cushions ,pillows and seat to a tee. No extra fabric so nice upholstered look Share Was this review helpful? (4) (2) T Tiffanie S. 3/26/22 Features: Adaptability We love our lovesac. It’s We love our lovesac. It’s awesome that we can change it so easily, making new shapes and changing the room whenever we want. We started out small, and have added pieces to be able to make what we need. My only complaint: the original covers had design details that the new covers don’t have (decorative stitching), and I forgot to mention that when adding new pieces. Share Was this review helpful? (0) (0) N No name Verified Buyer 12/14/23 Features: Washability Room Size: Large Space Cover make too small Size 5% smaller, extreme hard to put it on the base even follow the YouTube instructions. Share Was this review helpful? (10) (2) P Peter B. 8/12/21 Did not fit! The fabric did not fit on the sides. Returned everything!! Extremely disappointing. Share Was this review helpful? (0) (1) Verified Buyer 7/21/23 Share Was this review helpful? (2) (5) K Keri P. 12/19/22 Features: Adaptability Share Was this review helpful? (0) (0) J Joseph V. 8/23/21 Share Was this review helpful? (0) (0)